Your Majesty's family visit
Home
His Majesty
This woman is the adopted daughter of the courtier
virtuous and virtuous
I really respect the public
Have a mother instrument
Son of the World
I thought I could be made queen
Send Yang Yu to me as the queen
Just want to control me
What is the meaning of love, gentlemen?
Party reconsideration
Okay, since you Aiqing have no opinion, then seal it
Mother Han Weihou
Your Majesty
The old man is old
I implore Your Majesty to let the old minister return to his hometown for retirement
It seems
This is the only loyal official in the DPRK that can be trusted
His Highness must first pluck the floor
Steady the situation
Sumitson
This prime minister has sent me delicious food
What do you mean?
The old minister will not slick the horse
Malicious service
Nonsense
You just look down on me
So I heard you have a woman
flower
Send it back to me.
Wait for you to lose your treasure
Getting ready to marry the emperor
What do you want to get rich
Just be pretty.
I am Yan Control
It's not okay to watch it, it should be
It is your blessing that I marry your daughter
How dare you refuse me?
Beating court officials for women
Sure enough, he is a fool
His Majesty forced his ministers and daughters to be loyal and traitorous
It's really what you do
I oops
The prime minister gave me Song Beauty is a loyal minister of the country
If you don't give me Song Mei, you will be a traitor
Hey, Prime Minister, for such a disloyal and unjust person
How should we deal with it?